# Coinsnap for JTL Payment Plugin

Accept Bitcoin and Ligtning payments in JTL with Coinsnap

[Coinsnap](https://coinsnap.io/en/) for JTL allows you to process Bitcoin Lightning payments over the Lightning network in your JTL online shop.
With the Coinsnap Bitcoin-Lightning payment plugin for JTL you only need a Lightning wallet with a Lightning address to accept Bitcoin Lightning payments in your store.

Coinsnap’s payment plugin for JTL makes it amazingly simple for your customers to purchase your offerings with Bitcoin-Lightning: They can make their transactions with just a scan of the QR code generated by the Coinsnap plugin, and the authorization of the payment.
When authorized, the payment will be credited to your Lightning wallet in real time.

# Coinsnap for JTL 1.0.2

Contributors: coinsnap
Tags: Lightning, Lightning Payment, SATS, Satoshi sats, bitcoin, JTL, payment gateway, accept bitcoin, bitcoin plugin, bitcoin payment processor, bitcoin e-commerce, Lightning Network, cryptocurrency, lightning payment processor
JTL version: 5.3.1
Requires PHP: 8.1
Stable tag: 1.0.2
License: GPL-2.0
License URI: https://github.com/Coinsnap/Coinsnap-for-JTL/blob/main/LICENSE

With Coinsnap payment processing, you can accept Bitcoin and Lightning payments on your website or online store. You don’t need your own Lightning Node or other technical requirements.

* Coinsnap for JTL Demo Site: https://jtl.coinsnap.org/
* Blog Article: https://coinsnap.io/en/coinsnap-for-jtl-store/
* GitHub: https://github.com/Coinsnap/jtl_coinsnappayment

Bitcoin and Lightning payments from your customers will be credited directly to your own Lightning address.

With Coinsnap Payment Plugin you can integrate Bitcoin and Lightning payments into your website or online store without any technical effort.

Simply register in [Coinsnap](https://app.coinsnap.io/), enter your own Lightning address and your customers can pay you with Bitcoin and Lightning.

# Features:

- **All you need is a Lightning Wallet with a Lightning address. [Here you can find an overview of the matching Lightning Wallets](https://coinsnap.io/en/lightning-wallet-with-lightning-address/)**

- **Accept Bitcoin and Lightning payments** in your online store **without running your own technical infrastructure.** You do not need your own server, nor do you need to run your own Lightning Node.

- **Quick and easy registration at Coinsnap**: Just enter your email address and your Lightning address – and you are ready to integrate the payment module and start selling for Bitcoin Lightning. You will find the necessary IDs and Keys here, too.

- **100% protected privacy**:

  - We do not collect personal data.
  - For the registration you only need an e-mail address, which we will also use to inform you when we have received a payment.
  - No other personal information is required as long as you request a withdrawal to a Lightning address or Bitcoin address.

- **Only 1 % fees!**:

  - No basic fee, no transaction fee, only 1% on the invoice amount with referrer code.
  - Without referrer code the fee is 1.25%.
  - Get a referrer code from our partners and customers and save 0.25% fee.

- **No KYC needed**:

  - Direct, P2P payments (instantly to your Lightning wallet)
  - No intermediaries and paperwork
  - Transaction information is only shared between you and your customer

- **Sophisticated merchant’s admin dashboard in Coinsnap:**:

  - See all your transactions at a glance
  - Follow-up on individual payments
  - See issues with payments
  - Export reports

- **A Bitcoin payment via Lightning offers significant advantages**:

  - Lightning **payments are executed immediately.**
  - Lightning **payments are credited directly to the recipient.**
  - Lightning **payments are inexpensive.**
  - Lightning **payments are guaranteed.** No chargeback risk for the merchant.
  - Lightning **payments can be used worldwide.**
  - Lightning **payments are perfect for micropayments.**

- **Multilingual interface and support**: We speak your language

# Documentation:

- [Coinsnap API (1.0) documentation](https://docs.coinsnap.io/)
- [Frequently Asked Questions](https://coinsnap.io/en/faq/)
- [Terms and Conditions](https://coinsnap.io/en/general-terms-and-conditions/)
- [Privacy Policy](https://coinsnap.io/en/privacy/)

# Installation

1. Login to the JTL Admin Panel

2. Navigate to Plug-in manager, choose Upload tab, drag-and-drop zip file with plugin in file zone or select it in the file field and upload.

3. Select JTL Coinsnap Payment, install and activate it.

4. Navigate to Payment methods, find Coinsnap Payment and click "Edit" button

5. Enter config info (Store Id and API Key), needed names and notes, set needed options and press "Save" button.

Now your shop is ready to accept Bitcoin and Lightning payments.

# Changelog

## [1.0.2]

### Bug fixed

- Webhook events list is updated.


## [1.0.1]

### Added

- Support for payment before order completion.

## [1.0.0]

- First release
